Add aud (audience) to JWT properties (#15666)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/alter-role.rst

    client certificate.

:jwt:
  JWT properties map (``iss``, ``username`` and ``aud``) entered as a string literal.
  e.g.::

     ALTER USER john WITH (jwt = {"iss" = 'new_issuer', "username" = 'john.smith', "aud" = 'new_aud'})

  New JWT properties must not coincide with JWT properties of another user.

  ``NULL`` removes the JWT properties from the user.

.. NOTE::

>    ``jwt = {...}`` overrides existing jwt properties. If an optional property
>    is not provided, an existing value will be replaced by ``NULL``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``jwt = {...}`` overrides existing jwt properties. If an optional property
   is not provided, an existing value will be discarded.
```
